webapp/README.md, before:

# Barc web interface

## Overview

This webapp provides a web programmable interface to the barc CLI utility.

## Running

### Directly

* Install deps with `npm install`
* Launch a redis server
* Start the webserver with `npm start`
* Start a worker process (or many) with `npm run worker`. One worker will spawn
  one barc process, and work on the queue serially.
  
### From Docker

* `docker-compose up --build -d`

## Creating jobs

Inputs mirror the inputs of the barc CLI tool. To schedule a job, send a POST
to `/jobs`. The only required parameter is `archiveURL`, which must be reachable
by the worker. Note that jobs might not run immediately, so S3 tokens should
have a lenient expiration time.

```sh
curl -v \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-d "{\"width\": \"1280\", \
 \"height\": \"720\", \
 \"archiveURL\": \"https://example.com/archive\", \
 \"css_preset\": \"horizontalPresentation\"}" \
 http://localhost:3000/job
```

If a job is accepted to the service queue, you will receive a job ID and access
token for fetching job progress and results in the future. 
**Do not lose this data**.

```json
{"job_id":132,"access_token":"GxgApnuNQVHN6GWJ0vPNn0nBTUn5unxE"}
```

### Acceptable job arguments

New jobs can use the same arguments as the CLI tool. These include:

* `width`, `height` - output dimensions of the processed container.
* `archiveURL` -- this is where the worker will go fetch your individual stream
  archive. These archives must be in the same format as provided by OpenTok.
* `cssPreset` -- one of the presets defined in the command line utility.
* `customCSS` -- if `custom` is used in the `css_preset` argument, then you
  should specify a CSS stylesheet string here.
* `beginOffset` -- Seeks forward in the output a number of seconds before
  beginning to process. Useful for skipping content you don't wish to keep.
* `endOffset` -- Truncates output to this timestamp. Useful for creating faster
  jobs during testing or skipping content you do not wish to keep.
* `callbackURL` -- A URL where the worker will send a POST after the job is
  completed. Request body will be JSON of the form:
  `{"job":"30","result":"success"}`

## Monitoring job progress

The recommended method for getting job status is by providing `callbackURL` in
the request to schedule the job. That said, sometimes it's necessary to
explicitly check for the progress of a job:

`GET /job/:id`
Gets the status of the job.

Query paremeters:
* `token` -- required. This was given to when the job was scheduled.

Response keys:
* `job_id`: hopefully will match that which you requested
* `status`: one of `complete`, `running`, `queued`, or `failed`
* `progress`: a number between 0 and 100, representing the estimated completion.
* `created_at`: timestamp when this job was created
* `updated_at`: timestamp when job status was last updated
* `failed_at`: timestamp when this job failed (if applicable)


### Example

```sh
 curl -v "http://localhost:3000/job/123?token=h5P7jpDOLke0VoYtDHKzMQPLRr1JJFtO"
*   Trying ::1...
* TCP_NODELAY set
* Connected to localhost (::1) port 3000 (#0)
> GET /job/123?token=h5P7jpDOLke0VoYtDHKzMQPLRr1JJFtO HTTP/1.1
> Host: localhost:3000
> User-Agent: curl/7.51.0
> Accept: */*
> 
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
< X-Powered-By: Express
< Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
< Content-Length: 53
< ETag: W/"35-bNLEUp4OJZaaQgQiZ/5Lvg"
< Date: Sat, 25 Feb 2017 04:16:56 GMT
< Connection: keep-alive
< 
* Curl_http_done: called premature == 0
* Connection #0 to host localhost left intact
{"job_id":"123","status":"complete","progress":"100"}

```

## Fetching job results

`GET /job/:id/download`

Query parameters:

* `token` -- required. This was given to when the job was scheduled.
* `redirect` -- default: false. Set to `true` to get a 302 to the temporary
  URL for download. Otherwise, fetch the temporary url from the response body
  JSON with key `downloadURL`.

###Examples

```sh
 curl -v "http://localhost:3000/job/123/download?token=h5P7jpDOLke0VoYtDHKzMQPLRr1JJFtO&redirect=true"

> GET /job/123/download?token=h5P7jpDOLke0VoYtDHKzMQPLRr1JJFtO&redirect=true HTTP/1.1
> Host: localhost:3000
> User-Agent: curl/7.51.0
> Accept: */*
> 
< HTTP/1.1 302 Found
< X-Powered-By: Express
< Location: https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/tb-charley-test.tokbox.com/barc/123/123.mp4?AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAIU6WAU4PRYRHZXFQ&Expires=1487996759&Signature=FBjdnLEiVFPqDFtTbN4gpJrA9hk%3D
< Vary: Accept
< Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8
< Content-Length: 198
< Date: Sat, 25 Feb 2017 04:10:59 GMT
< Connection: keep-alive
< 

curl -v "http://localhost:3000/job/123/download?token=h5P7jpDOLke0VoYtDHKzMQPLRr1JJFtO&redirect=false"
*   Trying ::1...
* TCP_NODELAY set
* Connected to localhost (::1) port 3000 (#0)
> GET /job/123/download?token=h5P7jpDOLke0VoYtDHKzMQPLRr1JJFtO&redirect=false HTTP/1.1
> Host: localhost:3000
> User-Agent: curl/7.51.0
> Accept: */*
> 
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
< X-Powered-By: Express
< Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
< Content-Length: 194
< ETag: W/"c2-M0efU+7VHTNlTEpB/EO9Ng"
< Date: Sat, 25 Feb 2017 04:15:36 GMT
< Connection: keep-alive
< 
* Curl_http_done: called premature == 0
* Connection #0 to host localhost left intact
{"downloadURL":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/tb-charley-test.tokbox.com/barc/123/123.mp4?AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAIU6WAU4PRYRHZXFQ&Expires=1487996736&Signature=Pv%2Br6yXzO4QmUIHjXuaH1mepElY%3D"}
```

Commit message:

Try to postback all status changes

webapp/README.md, after:

# Barc web interface

## Overview

This webapp provides a web programmable interface to the barc CLI utility.

## Running

### Directly

* Install deps with `npm install`
* Launch a redis server
* Start the webserver with `npm start`
* Start a worker process (or many) with `npm run worker`. One worker will spawn
  one barc process, and work on the queue serially.

### From Docker

* `docker-compose up --build -d`

## Creating jobs

Inputs mirror the inputs of the barc CLI tool. To schedule a job, send a POST
to `/jobs`. The only required parameter is `archiveURL`, which must be reachable
by the worker. Note that jobs might not run immediately, so S3 tokens should
have a lenient expiration time.

```sh
curl -v \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-d "{\"width\": \"1280\", \
 \"height\": \"720\", \
 \"archiveURL\": \"https://example.com/archive\", \
 \"css_preset\": \"horizontalPresentation\"}" \
 http://localhost:3000/job
```

If a job is accepted to the service queue, you will receive a job ID and access
token for fetching job progress and results in the future.
**Do not lose this data**.

```json
{"job_id":132,"access_token":"GxgApnuNQVHN6GWJ0vPNn0nBTUn5unxE"}
```

### Acceptable job arguments

New jobs can use the same arguments as the CLI tool. These include:

* `width`, `height` - output dimensions of the processed container.
* `archiveURL` -- this is where the worker will go fetch your individual stream
  archive. These archives must be in the same format as provided by OpenTok.
* `cssPreset` -- one of the presets defined in the command line utility.
* `customCSS` -- if `custom` is used in the `css_preset` argument, then you
  should specify a CSS stylesheet string here.
* `beginOffset` -- Seeks forward in the output a number of seconds before
  beginning to process. Useful for skipping content you don't wish to keep.
* `endOffset` -- Truncates output to this timestamp. Useful for creating faster
  jobs during testing or skipping content you do not wish to keep.
* `callbackURL` -- A URL where the worker will send a POST after the job is
  completed. Request body will be JSON of the form:
  `{"jobId":"24f7e00c-8b83-458f-8309-d7fbc47dfed5","status":"complete"}`
* `version` -- the family of barc processor for this job. currently, this can
  only be set to `arapahoe`. When future (breaking) changes are released to the
  processor, a new family will be assigned and used as default. Setting this
  version should maintain consistent behavior.

## Monitoring job progress

The recommended method for getting job status is by providing `callbackURL` in
the request to schedule the job. That said, sometimes it's necessary to
explicitly check for the progress of a job:

`GET /barc/job/:id`
Gets the status of the job.

Query paremeters:
* `token` -- required. This was given to when the job was scheduled.

Response keys:
* `status`: the status of the job, as reported by the encoder
* `clusterStatus`: the status of the job's task, as reported by the cluster
* `progress`: a number between 0 and 100, representing the estimated completion.
* `createdAt`: timestamp when this job was created
* `startedAt`: timestamp when this job began running on the cluster
* `stoppedAt`: timestamp when this job stopped running on the cluster


### Example

```sh
 curl -v "http://localhost:3000/job/123?token=h5P7jpDOLke0VoYtDHKzMQPLRr1JJFtO"
*   Trying ::1...
* TCP_NODELAY set
* Connected to localhost (::1) port 3000 (#0)
> GET /job/123?token=h5P7jpDOLke0VoYtDHKzMQPLRr1JJFtO HTTP/1.1
> Host: localhost:3000
> User-Agent: curl/7.51.0
> Accept: */*
>
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
< X-Powered-By: Express
< Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
< Content-Length: 53
< ETag: W/"35-bNLEUp4OJZaaQgQiZ/5Lvg"
< Date: Sat, 25 Feb 2017 04:16:56 GMT
< Connection: keep-alive
<
* Curl_http_done: called premature == 0
* Connection #0 to host localhost left intact
{"job_id":"123","status":"complete","progress":"100"}

```

## Fetching job results

`GET /job/:id/download`

Query parameters:

* `token` -- required. This was given to when the job was scheduled.
* `redirect` -- default: false. Set to `true` to get a 302 to the temporary
  URL for download. Otherwise, fetch the temporary url from the response body
  JSON with key `downloadURL`.

###Examples

```sh
 curl -v "http://localhost:3000/job/123/download?token=h5P7jpDOLke0VoYtDHKzMQPLRr1JJFtO&redirect=true"

> GET /job/123/download?token=h5P7jpDOLke0VoYtDHKzMQPLRr1JJFtO&redirect=true HTTP/1.1
> Host: localhost:3000
> User-Agent: curl/7.51.0
> Accept: */*
>
< HTTP/1.1 302 Found
< X-Powered-By: Express
< Location: https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/tb-charley-test.tokbox.com/barc/123/123.mp4?AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAIU6WAU4PRYRHZXFQ&Expires=1487996759&Signature=FBjdnLEiVFPqDFtTbN4gpJrA9hk%3D
< Vary: Accept
< Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8
< Content-Length: 198
< Date: Sat, 25 Feb 2017 04:10:59 GMT
< Connection: keep-alive
<

curl -v "http://localhost:3000/job/123/download?token=h5P7jpDOLke0VoYtDHKzMQPLRr1JJFtO&redirect=false"
*   Trying ::1...
* TCP_NODELAY set
* Connected to localhost (::1) port 3000 (#0)
> GET /job/123/download?token=h5P7jpDOLke0VoYtDHKzMQPLRr1JJFtO&redirect=false HTTP/1.1
> Host: localhost:3000
> User-Agent: curl/7.51.0
> Accept: */*
>
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
< X-Powered-By: Express
< Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
< Content-Length: 194
< ETag: W/"c2-M0efU+7VHTNlTEpB/EO9Ng"
< Date: Sat, 25 Feb 2017 04:15:36 GMT
< Connection: keep-alive
<
* Curl_http_done: called premature == 0
* Connection #0 to host localhost left intact
{"downloadURL":"https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/tb-charley-test.tokbox.com/barc/123/123.mp4?AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAIU6WAU4PRYRHZXFQ&Expires=1487996736&Signature=Pv%2Br6yXzO4QmUIHjXuaH1mepElY%3D"}
```
